
   butchr — Tell Worker Tool: (MCP)

   key: "NONEXISTENT-4"
   text:
     │  This is filler sentence number 1 meant to add several wrapped lines of body text to
     │  the tell worker comment so the dialog grows taller than the terminal viewport and
     │ pushes the separator and header off screen. This is filler sentence number 2 meant
     │ to add several wrapped lines of body text to the tell worker comment so the dialog
     │ grows taller than the terminal viewport and pushes the separator and header off
     │ screen. This is filler sentence number 3 meant to add several wrapped lines of body
     │ text to the tell worker comment so the dialog grows taller than the terminal
     │ viewport and pushes the separator and header off screen. This is filler sentence
     │ number 4 meant to add several wrapped lines of body text to the tell worker comment
     │ so the dialog grows taller than the terminal viewport and pushes the separator and
     │ header off screen. This is filler sentence number 5 meant to add several wrapped
     │ lines of body text to the tell worker comment so the dialog grows taller than the
     │ terminal viewport and pushes the separator and header off screen. This is filler
     │ sentence number 6 meant to add several wrapped lines of body text to the tell worker
     │  comment so the dialog grows taller than the terminal viewport and pushes the
     │ separator and header off screen. This is filler sentence number 7 meant to add
     │ several wrapped lines of body text to the tell worker comment so the dialog grows
     │ taller than the terminal viewport and pushes the separator and header off screen.
     │ This is filler sentence number 8 meant to add several wrapped lines of body text to
     │ the tell worker comment so the dialog grows taller than the terminal viewport and
     │ pushes the separator and header off screen.

   About the butchr — Tell Worker Tool:
   │ The ONLY way to speak DOWN to a worker: comments on ONE OF THE CALLER'S OWN workers'
   │ ticket. Refuses a `key` that is not one of the caller's own workers, verified via the…
   (ctrl+o to expand description)

 Do you want to proceed?
 ❯ 1. Yes
   2. Yes, and don't ask again for butchr — Tell Worker commands in /tmp/claude-1002/…
   3. No

 Esc to cancel · Tab to amend
